Who said he and Ye Tiancheng couldn't compete?
Hello aunt
Aunt two good
Miss Li is so coincidental
I was just about to find you
I didn't expect to meet you here
Mr. Li, what do you mean by that?
It means nothing
Just wanted to remind you
Jiangzhou Chamber of Commerce strictly prohibits malicious competition
I don't care about fair bidding
If you dare to use the next three methods
Be prepared to withstand my wrath
Ok, I know.
Mr. Li, do you know this brother?
Of course, yeah.
Mr. Song saved my father's life
It turned out to be the benefactor of the president
Sir, why didn't you say it earlier?
Miss Yu asks you again this time
The grace of life is greater than the sky
This is not a trivial matter
By the way, did you mean to say that this company is
What about their company?
Is the whole country
The only company in the new energy industry
Although the poor management has led to the current situation
But their individual level is still good
I want to give it a try.
Let's Daxia
The new energy industry has no place in the world
My father really didn't see the wrong person
I didn't see the wrong person either.
Since Mr. Xie happened to meet here
Do you mind if I go up and have a look?
Of course I don't mind.
Mr. Li, Mr. Song, please come in